I would like to understand the feedback process that was carried out for the last year 2015-16
as the final rating that was reflected for me is completely irrelevant to the feedback given
by you as part of our appraisal discussion. Please let me know the factors that were considered 
to decide the final rating so that I will strive to focus and improve myself to try to meet up 
HCl appraisal process for the next year.

However I am listing out my considerable achievments for the year 2015-16 below for your perusal.

1. I was the only resource from mainframe team to take up the initiative and provided 
value add of worth > 10k in January 2016 that has been implemented successfully
and I am the primary support contact or SME for any of GPA mainframe supportive applications.
2. There have been no remarks or any complaints from the customer so far on any of
the production support activities that have been carried out by me from past 2.6 years. 
Infact customer is happy and appreciated my work thus they were ready to increase my billing rate by
extending my contract with HCL for 6 more months.
3. I have completed all internal mandatory HCL trainings and attained tenured managers
certification though we have constraints to access HCL intranet from CITI network inspite
of 24*7 production support work schedules. 
4. I have taken very less number of leaves during the fiscal year 2015-16 (5 days) to
minimize the billing leaks from my end.
5. I am able to manage my team without any conflicts though my team size is very small.
6. I have handled onboarding activities for any new HCl candiates at Singapore and coordinated
with CITI HR on those documentation submisstion process.


I beleive that final feedback should not demotivate the resource rather it should encourage to perform well in the current role 
unless there is a proven performance issue. I would really appreciate if you could please justify the final rating 
and any gaps in my performance that lead to poor rating for the first time in my 7 years of HCL career.
Please bring up to my attention if I missed out any significant points or any client issues that might have helped to reflect on poor rating. 
Also please reach out or check with applicaiton manager or GPA manager if you have any concers on my work activites and let me know for further
improvements. Thanks for your help.
